---
layout: post
title:  "It's not the destination, it's the journey"
date:   2015-09-11
excerpt: When I first started learning programming a few months ago, I tried looking at some source code, just to see what I could figure out. Nothing. That's what I could figure out. Well, not entirely nothing. I could tell a little about how the HTML code was structured, but in terms of what it all meant? Nothing.
---

When I first started learning programming a few months ago, I tried looking at some source code, just to see what I could figure out. Nothing. That's what I could figure out. Well, not entirely nothing. I could tell a little about how the HTML code was structured, but in terms of what it all meant? Nothing.

So I began working through things. I signed up at [Free Code Camp](http://www.freecodecamp.com) and have been working through their lessons. I started reading more about how to build websites and working through tutorials. I learned about where to go for help with a project, doing my best to save my husband as a last resort (he's been doing this stuff for years). I went to a [Girl Develop It](http://www.girldevelopit.com) meet-up and met a few people.

And now here I am. HTML makes sense now, or at least most of it does. And even if my solutions are still a bit convoluted, I can usually figure out how to get something to look the way I want using CSS. I've now designed and built two websites and used tools like Bootstrap and Jekyll that, when I started with them, had me completely confused.

But I still have a long way to go and a lot I'd like to learn. I want to learn more Javascript. I'd like to learn about mobile development. I have cool ideas for games that I have no idea how to build. But I'll get there.

I'm learning.

And that's the really cool thing. I love learning new things. I love experimenting and playing around and figuring out what works and, more often than not, what doesn't.

I'm starting this blog as a way to talk about the journey that is learning, a way of thinking about and internalizing the process I'm working through. Sometimes it will be really specific. Other times, like this, the lessons could be more general. But I want to focus on living for the journey, not the destination. In fact, there is no destination. It's all journey. And that's the greatest thing of all.
